#CS411 Project Ideas
Team members: Dan Katz, Benjamin Lague, Gagan Kang, Zhi Li, Brian Lee, Jianqi Ma

Restaurant and Transportation Business Levels
  In our COVID-19 situation, it is essential to know if the venues you're attending will have a safe level of occupants. 
  In most situations, you will not be able to know how many people will be at a specific location. #Our app will change this.
  After attending the venue, the app user will be able to leave a COVID safety rating. The user will be able to rate how health concious the venue is. 
  If possible, we will attempt to pull up the fire safety max occupancy of a building and create a maximum COVID occupancy. 
  We will compare the traffic at the venue to its max COVID occupancy and inform the user if it is safe to go to. 
  
  We will use the "populartimes" API to get real-time and predicted data on how many people are at a location.
    BestTime.app
    https://github.com/m-wrzr/populartimes

  To locate businesses and venues, we will use the Yelp Business API.
    https://www.yelp.com/developers
  
  
Snow Day Forecaster
  Create a web application which allows users to predict wether their school will 
  close due to snow. This is a common phenomenon accross New England where students 
  get very excited about the prospect of school getting cancelled and go to all kinds 
  of platforms to deliberate, debate and gain insite as to what their schools decsision will be.
  Students generate so much excitement around snow days that application have been created 
  to "predict" how likely a students school will be closed. Unfortinatly these applications 
  are either paid or just not good. So there is an oppurtinuity to get it right and give 
  students a free and reliable tool which they can (almost) depend on when deciding if they 
  should do their homework the night before a snow storm or not. 
  
  The web application would utilize a Weather data API to collect relevent weather data for 
  the prediction model, as well as a local school listing API to generate snow day prediction 
  for a spoecific school.
  
  Weather API:
    https://www.climacell.co/weather-api/
   
  Local School Dataset:
    https://code.org/learn/find-school/json
